Generate an image of a villager in a water color style. It should have a white background and be minimilistic. Only use a few colors. 

Generate an image of a coin. The style of the image should be water color mixed with a comic book art style. It should have a white background and be minimilistic. Only use a few colors. 

Generate an image of a coin. The style of the image should be water color mixed with a comic book art style. It should have a white background and be minimilistic. Only use a few colors. The contents of the image should fit into the middle ages.

Generate an image of a coin. The style of the image should be water color mixed with a comic book art style. It must have a solid white background and be minimilistic. Only use at most a few colors. The contents of the image should fit into the middle ages.

Generate an image of a coin. The style of the image should be water color mixed with a minimilistic comic book art style. The image must have a solid white background and be minimilistic. Try to use only one or two colors if possible. The contents of the image should be from the middle ages or an earlier time period.

Generate an image of a coin. The style of the image should be water color mixed with a minimilistic comic book art style. The image must have a solid white background. Try to use only one or two colors if possible and the style should be minimilistic without much detail. The contents of the image should be from the middle ages or an earlier time period.

Generate an image of bread and other basic foods. The style of the image should be mostly water color mixed with a minimilistic comic book art style. Make the style look a bit like japanese pen work. The image must have a solid white background. Use only one or two colors. The contents of the image should be from the middle ages or an earlier time period.

Generate an image of a question mark. The style of the image should be mostly water color mixed with a minimilistic comic book art style. Make the style look a bit like japanese pen work. The image must have a solid white background. Use only one or two colors. The contents of the image should be from the middle ages or an earlier time period. There should be one focal image.

Generate an image of a sapphire. The style of the image should be water color mixed with clip art. The image must have a solid white background. The image must be minimilistic and simple. The contents of the image should be from the middle ages or an earlier time period. 

Generate an image of ONLY a bowl of stew. The style of the image should be water color mixed with clip art. The image must have a solid white background. The image MUST be minimilistic and simple and give only the impression of the item.  The contents of the image should be from the middle ages or an earlier time period. 

Generate an image of ONLY wheat. The style of the image should be water color mixed with clip art and impressionism. The image must have a solid white background. The image MUST be minimilistic and simple and give only the impression of the item.  The contents of the image should be from the middle ages or an earlier time period. 



